allrecipes.com

They have search by ingredient, a slideshow on the homepage, videos, recipes, browse by type of food (appetizer, pasta, show cooker). 
They ask for feedback
They send out newsletters and on signup ask you what newletters you want.
They have a menu planner.
Favorites = My Recipe Box. Also, My Menus
private notes for recipes
Their PRO accounts(paid for) can edit and save customizations and save them as your own.
Kinda hard to find a way to create your own.
There are check boxes next to each ingredient. You can check them and add them to shopping cart.
They sort their shopping list by aisle (produce, ethnic, ect) so that shopping lists can be organized.
The shopping list keeps track of what ingredients someone needs, but also has links to the recipes taht these ingredients are supposed to be used for.
Their search, searches "With these ingredients" and "But not these ingredients". It also searches by meal, cook time, and dish type(appetizer, beverage, ect)
Search is kinda awkward because there is the search box that has the button in it, then other options below. So if you click on the other options, it's kinda interesting to go back and click on what just looks like a spyglass. Probably not very elder-friendly.
Menu planner: You can look at menus by category (holiday, meal, cuisine, diet)
In menues, you can view by dairy-free, ect.
I can't find 'create recipe' at all.

foodnetwork.com
log in through fb
clicked on what I thought was a recipe and it was a video
They have no distinguished way to tell what is a video and what is a recipe
These guys have their shopping cart set up so you just go to it and add ingredients/recipes from your collections??? confusing
Their shopping cart has checks
They also have a "remove all ingredients"
They have share and print for shopping cart
Again, I can't find a way to add a recipe. I guess they don't want low-quality recipes on their site? idk.

meals.com
"You have been randomly chosen to participate in a 5 question website satisfaction survey".
They don't auto-login after sign up?
just has ul with ingredients
quick and easy sections
Again with the recipe box. Whose idea was it, anyways?
And again. Don't see a way to add recipes. But this one's recipe box does have folders to organize favorites.
Their advanced search covers "recipe type", "rating", and "time to table". You can also do Main Ingredient, Meal Type, Convenience(similar to Time To Table(cook time)but also covers budget friendly, cooking with kids, freezable, portable, ect.), Cuisine type, and Preparation type
No results if you don't give it a keyword. Search doesn't really browse

postpunkkitchen.com
"Best place for vegan cooking and baking"
Have recipe types and search by ingredient
they have videos, forums, shop, ect.
connect w/ fb
"New to vegan cooking? Look at these links to learn skills for vegan baking"
again, no way to add recipes.

Pinterest
Just going to browse recipes and see how it works.
So it "pins" other websites. It's like tumblr, but it links back to original websites by opening them in a new tab.
So to get on Pinterest, people just have to see awesome recipes and want to share it with people.
Would need some good pictures to get it to work on here.
